README.md, before:

## ✨ What’s New (Now Available)

The new screen animation and photo movement within the display have been **successfully released** and are now part of the app.

- **Colorful profile blob backgrounds**  
- **Glassmorphism blur & light diffusion**  
- **Smoother transitions and visual depth**  
- **Fluid drag transitions & photo movement**  
- **New glass elevation animations**  
- **More Jetpack Compose activities**  
- And more improvements…

---

## 📸 Preview

<!-- FIRST ROW -->
<table align="center" cellspacing="6" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a210e782-1011-471a-b828-f1516eed4939" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf8ac6bd-9c19-4437-b75a-ac5ef36ea4d8" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd7f5624-0b57-49ad-ab71-da1ba0794b6a" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fcaae20-848d-4f8c-98e0-14db771155d0" width="200"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<br>

<!-- SECOND ROW -->
<table align="center" cellspacing="6" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ca04e57-b8f4-46dd-819a-c507ef191c31" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee5b4f8c-b4fc-47dd-a7e2-c6af9087b4ae" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ccd14678-1270-4a26-9bc8-c5ec4329b82a" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85f01932-bdce-4069-9636-b2f1294ded68" width="200"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>



---

> ℹ️ **Note:**  
> The section above highlights **upcoming / in-progress features**.  
> Everything below reflects the **current, existing implementation**.

---




<img width="7449" height="4142" alt="banner jh air tracker2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9bf4be42-e09f-48a3-a7d0-e325ad46def8" />

<div align="center">
  <h1>✈️ Jack Flight Studio</h1>
  <p>
    <a href="#status"><img alt="Status" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Android" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-8.0%2B-3DDC84?logo=android&logoColor=white"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Kotlin" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-%E2%9C%93-7F52FF?logo=kotlin&logoColor=white"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Jetpack Compose" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jetpack%20Compose-%E2%9C%93-4285F4?logo=jetpackcompose&logoColor=white"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Supabase" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-%E2%9C%93-3FCF8E?logo=supabase&logoColor=white"></a>
  </p>
  <p><strong>Jack Flight Studio</strong> is an Android app for tracking flights in real time and managing travel notes.<br>
  Built with Jetpack Compose and a custom <strong>LiquidGlass</strong> design for a smooth, modern experience.</p>
</div>

<hr>

<h2 id="status">🚥 Status</h2>
<p><strong>Stable:</strong> ready for everyday use. Ongoing updates focus on performance, UX polish, and new features without breaking core workflows.</p>

<hr>

<h2>✨ Features</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Live flight tracking with dynamic map and search</li>
  <li>Personal notes and reminders synced with Supabase</li>
  <li>Beautiful glass-blur UI powered by AndroidLiquidGlass</li>
  <li>Dark &amp; light themes with adaptive colors</li>
</ul>

<hr>

<h2 id="tech-stack">🧩 Tech Stack</h2>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Kotlin</strong>, <strong>Jetpack Compose</strong></li>
  <li><strong>Supabase</strong> (Auth, PostgREST, Realtime)</li>
  <li><strong>AndroidLiquidGlass</strong> for glass-blur &amp; adaptive text color</li>
  <li><strong>MotionLayout</strong> animations</li>
  <li><strong>Glide</strong> image caching</li>
</ul>

<hr>

<hr>

<div align="center">
  <h3>🙏 Credits &amp; Thanks</h3>
  <p>
    Glass effects are powered by
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass"><strong>AndroidLiquidGlass</strong></a>
    by <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0"><strong>@Kyant0</strong></a>.
  </p>

  <!-- "Love" actions -->
  <p>
    <!-- Star the repo -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass" title="Star AndroidLiquidGlass">
      <img alt="Star" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass?style=social">
    </a>
    <!-- Follow the author -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0" title="Follow @Kyant0 on GitHub">
      <img alt="Follow @Kyant0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-@Kyant0-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white">
    </a>
    <!-- Watch updates -->
<a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass/subscription" title="Watch for updates">
  <img alt="Watch updates" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Watch-updates-1f6feb?logo=github&logoColor=white">
</a>
    <!-- Say thanks (opens a prefilled issue) -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass/issues/new?title=Thanks%20for%20AndroidLiquidGlass&body=%F0%9F%92%99%20Thanks%20for%20AndroidLiquidGlass!%20It%20helped%20me%20with%20...">
      <img alt="Say thanks" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20thanks-%F0%9F%92%9A-blueviolet">
    </a>
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0">
      <img src="https://github.com/Kyant0.png?size=96" width="72" height="72" alt="@Kyant0 avatar">
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

Commit message:

Revise 'What’s New' section in README
Updated the 'What’s New' section with enhanced details about the latest UI and animation updates.

README.md, after:

## ✨ What’s New (Now Available)

The latest UI and animation updates have been **successfully released** and are now live in the app.

- **Colorful profile blob backgrounds** with dynamic depth
- **Glassmorphism blur & light diffusion** for a more premium look
- **Smoother screen transitions** with improved visual continuity
- **Fluid drag gestures & photo movement** across image previews
- **New glass elevation animations** for cards, sheets, and menus
- **Expanded Jetpack Compose adoption** across core screens
- Additional visual refinements and polish throughout the app


---

## 📸 Preview

<!-- FIRST ROW -->
<table align="center" cellspacing="6" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a210e782-1011-471a-b828-f1516eed4939" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf8ac6bd-9c19-4437-b75a-ac5ef36ea4d8" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cd7f5624-0b57-49ad-ab71-da1ba0794b6a" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3fcaae20-848d-4f8c-98e0-14db771155d0" width="200"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<br>

<!-- SECOND ROW -->
<table align="center" cellspacing="6" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ca04e57-b8f4-46dd-819a-c507ef191c31" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee5b4f8c-b4fc-47dd-a7e2-c6af9087b4ae" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ccd14678-1270-4a26-9bc8-c5ec4329b82a" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/85f01932-bdce-4069-9636-b2f1294ded68" width="200"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>



---

> ℹ️ **Note:**  
> The section above highlights **upcoming / in-progress features**.  
> Everything below reflects the **current, existing implementation**.

---




<img width="7449" height="4142" alt="banner jh air tracker2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9bf4be42-e09f-48a3-a7d0-e325ad46def8" />

<div align="center">
  <h1>✈️ Jack Flight Studio</h1>
  <p>
    <a href="#status"><img alt="Status" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Android" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-8.0%2B-3DDC84?logo=android&logoColor=white"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Kotlin" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-%E2%9C%93-7F52FF?logo=kotlin&logoColor=white"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Jetpack Compose" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jetpack%20Compose-%E2%9C%93-4285F4?logo=jetpackcompose&logoColor=white"></a>
    <a href="#tech-stack"><img alt="Supabase" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-%E2%9C%93-3FCF8E?logo=supabase&logoColor=white"></a>
  </p>
  <p><strong>Jack Flight Studio</strong> is an Android app for tracking flights in real time and managing travel notes.<br>
  Built with Jetpack Compose and a custom <strong>LiquidGlass</strong> design for a smooth, modern experience.</p>
</div>

<hr>

<h2 id="status">🚥 Status</h2>
<p><strong>Stable:</strong> ready for everyday use. Ongoing updates focus on performance, UX polish, and new features without breaking core workflows.</p>

<hr>

<h2>✨ Features</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Live flight tracking with dynamic map and search</li>
  <li>Personal notes and reminders synced with Supabase</li>
  <li>Beautiful glass-blur UI powered by AndroidLiquidGlass</li>
  <li>Dark &amp; light themes with adaptive colors</li>
</ul>

<hr>

<h2 id="tech-stack">🧩 Tech Stack</h2>
<ul>
  <li><strong>Kotlin</strong>, <strong>Jetpack Compose</strong></li>
  <li><strong>Supabase</strong> (Auth, PostgREST, Realtime)</li>
  <li><strong>AndroidLiquidGlass</strong> for glass-blur &amp; adaptive text color</li>
  <li><strong>MotionLayout</strong> animations</li>
  <li><strong>Glide</strong> image caching</li>
</ul>

<hr>

<hr>

<div align="center">
  <h3>🙏 Credits &amp; Thanks</h3>
  <p>
    Glass effects are powered by
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass"><strong>AndroidLiquidGlass</strong></a>
    by <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0"><strong>@Kyant0</strong></a>.
  </p>

  <!-- "Love" actions -->
  <p>
    <!-- Star the repo -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass" title="Star AndroidLiquidGlass">
      <img alt="Star" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass?style=social">
    </a>
    <!-- Follow the author -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0" title="Follow @Kyant0 on GitHub">
      <img alt="Follow @Kyant0" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-@Kyant0-181717?logo=github&logoColor=white">
    </a>
    <!-- Watch updates -->
<a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass/subscription" title="Watch for updates">
  <img alt="Watch updates" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Watch-updates-1f6feb?logo=github&logoColor=white">
</a>
    <!-- Say thanks (opens a prefilled issue) -->
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0/AndroidLiquidGlass/issues/new?title=Thanks%20for%20AndroidLiquidGlass&body=%F0%9F%92%99%20Thanks%20for%20AndroidLiquidGlass!%20It%20helped%20me%20with%20...">
      <img alt="Say thanks" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20thanks-%F0%9F%92%9A-blueviolet">
    </a>
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/Kyant0">
      <img src="https://github.com/Kyant0.png?size=96" width="72" height="72" alt="@Kyant0 avatar">
    </a>
  </p>
</div>
